- I wanna congratulate
you on being a person
that's always looking
for the cutting edge.
For you to be exposed
to what we're doing here at OsteoStrong,
you literally are on the cutting edge
of the best technologies
to change the human body
in the shortest period of time.
I just wanted to say to you
that as you join the OsteoStrong here,
you've gotten involved in this.
You have got yourself exposed
to one of the greatest tools
that I've ever seen in my life.
I'm involved with the company
because my wife, Sage, and I
have done this for five years.
And my wife normally would not exercise
consistently with anything,
but she's totally addicted.
Because with OsteoStrong,
you're talking about 60
seconds of real exercise.
And wait, there's four machines.
It's about 15 minutes of actual exertion.
So you got a minute of exercise a week,
and yet you keep getting
stronger and stronger.
So you have an opportunity
to do something no one else has done,
which is have the right dosage.
The minimum amount of exercise
for the maximum amount of growth.
You're gonna use enormous force,
but not put yourself in any form of danger
'cause you're not lifting
a 500 pound weight.
We're using the power of these computers
to monitor you and give you this progress.
And we're unleashing
what will allow you to have strong bones,
and more importantly, equally importantly,
the kind of fitness,
agility, and strength,
and energy that you really want.
Because when the bones are strong,
the muscles that are
attached are stronger.
Everything comes from what
we start here at OsteoStrong.